stephen chow the chinese characters used
for chow's name in the movie are
different from chow's actual name
is a corrupt celebrity chef who secretly
knows very little about cooking
runs a successful business empire and is
willing to hawk any product for a price
arrogant and cocky chao is dubbed the
god of cookery and appears as a judge
for culinary competitions rigged to make
him look good
bolton vincent posing as an
understudy and conspiring with chow's
business partner
ng mantat to overthrow him exposes chao
as a fraud during the opening ceremony
of chao's 50th restaurant
bull is declared the new god of cookery
and takes over chao's corrupt empire
ruined chao lives on the streets in an
area known as temple street
there he orders a bowl of assorted
noodles from disfigured and uncouth food
cart owner turkey
karen mock and criticizes it for its
lack of taste
terrible preparation and unsanitary
ingredients
during a heated exchange chow demands
respect and reveals himself to be the
fallen god of cookery but then begs her
for some money
thugs beat him for his panhandling but
turkey orders them away
taking pity on chow and giving him a
bowl of barbecue pork on rice
chao is moved and declares it delicious
turkey and her rival street vendor
goose head lee sookai conduct gang
warfare to see which vendor can sell the
two best-selling dishes
beef balls and pissing shrimp chow
manages to unite the two rival vendors
by combining the two dishes into a new
dish
pissing beef balls which the three of
them could sell together
it becomes a huge success and the
vendors convince chao to enroll in a
culinary
school in order to reclaim the title he
lost but not before he discovers that
turkey idolized chow as the god of
cookery and received her scarred
appearance after fighting a local gang
leader who ruined her poster of
chow the success of the pissing beef
balls alarms bull
the new god of cookery who arranges for
chow to be assassinated on the way to
culinary school
while searching for the school chao
finds that turkey has followed him
asking him to complete a drawing of a
romantic heart for her as a souvenir for
her to remember him by
knowing she is in love with him ciao
callously rebuffs her
turkey reminds him of all she did for
him including her injuries
but chao retorts that he never asked for
her to do those things for him
as he tells her that he can never love
her turkey notices the approaching
assassin and takes the bullet for chow
chow also presumed dead disappears
one month later bull enters the god of
cookery competition
a parody of iron shaft as the heavy
favorite to retain the title
chao arrives at the competition at the
last minute and reveals to tong what had
happened
chow escaped the assassin's second
bullet and found his way to a shaolin
monastery where headmonk wet dream
a spoof on the chinese word for
nocturnal spermataria
nursed him back to health however wet
dream would not allow chow to leave the
temple until he was well versed in the
ways of the shaolin arts
a point made moot when it is revealed
the culinary school he was going to
attend was
in fact the temple's kitchen the same
kitchen bull had trained at for 10 years
but subsequently dropped out of
while training chao continually mourned
for turkey and was overcome with grief
and remorse over his careless treatment
of her
the depth of his feeling which caused
his hair to grow white
convinced wet dream to allow him his
departure from the monastery
the competition between chao and tong
begins in earnest
with the two attempting to make
identical buddha jumping wall dishes
each chef tries to sabotage the other's
dish in a comedic wyxia fashion by
attacking the other using their
ingredients and kitchen implements
but tong prevails when chow's
ex-business partner makes chow's
container explode with a bomb
with few materials and little time
remaining chao prepares sorrowful rice
a simple dish of barbecue pork rice the
same dish turkey first gave to him while
he was living on the streets although
sorrowful rice is the better dish
tong had already blackmailed the judge
nancy sit
into rigging the contest as bull is
fraudulently crowned the winner
chao remarks that there is no one god of
cookery and that any person who cooks
with heart can be the god of cookery
in an act of divine intervention the
imperial court of heaven descends upon
the competition and reveal that in
another life
chao was a heavenly assistant to the
kitchen god before being sent to earth
to live as a human
as punishment for revealing culinary
secrets to mankind
moved by his sorrow and his humbleness
they forgive him
they then transform chow's former
business partner into a form befitting
his treachery
a bulldog as for bull he is given a
gaping hole on his chest
possibly symbolizing his heartlessness
whether he is killed by this is never
revealed
after the competition chao celebrates
christmas with his vendor friends in
temple street
where goose head reveals that turkey
survived the assassination
she caught the bullet meant for chow
with her gold-plated teeth and a dentist
reconstructed her dental work and even
threw in a free plastic surgery on her
face
making her pretty again as she appears
before him and asks how she looks
chao responds by throwing her the
completed drawing of two arrow-pierced
[Music]
hearts